(All characters, organizations, locations,)
(and incidents in this drama are fictitious.)
No, thanks.
I heard you only speak casually with friends.
That's why I'm asking you to speak casually.
You never know.
I might end up calling you Min Joon.
I'll think about it.
The meat might get burnt. Come along.
Gosh, why is he playing hard to get?
Mr. Kim.
Min Joon!
What's with him?
Do you know him?
Pen...
Pentium.
Pentium, Pentium.
No. Help us. Help!
Pentium.
No.
Ms. Jang.
Help us.
(Operating room)
Mr. Choi.
What happened?
He was stabbed and he...
He's bleeding too much.
He'll be fine.
He wouldn't die from a stab.
Where is Kim Min Joon?
Where is he?
Kim Min Joon.
Don't.
Don't touch me.
Wash the blood off, and come out.
Did you see his face?
No, I didn't.
No, I don't know.
I don't remember.
I don't remember anything.
Remember something.
We have to find the one who stabbed Noo Ri.
You don't need to look far.
I'm right in front of you.
I...
dragged you into all this...
to uncover the truth...
about my brother's death.
I'm no different from them.
I dragged people in,
put them in danger,
and got them killed.
Nobody got killed.
That's right. It's your fault.
If it wasn't for you,
Noo Ri wouldn't be in there.
Kim Min Joon.
Life your head, and look at me.
There is one in front of you too.
Someone who put innocent people...
in danger.
You're scared, aren't you?
You're scared to death, aren't you?
Of course.
You should be.
But...
you have to hold it.
Be scared only on the inside.
Don't curl up and tremble...
with fear like a fool.
That's what the people...
who came after you and hurt us...
want.
Mr. Choi.
His liver was damaged...
due to an abdominal contusion.
The knife didn't cut through an aorta,
but we had to remove some of his liver.
He bled too much,
so he's unconscious...
from an ischemic stroke.
Then...
you don't know...
when he'll wake up, right?
Doctor, what is it?
His family requested him to be moved to a VIP room.
Check his vitals, and get him ready to move.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
By the way, who are these people?
- You aren't his guardian. - I am.
You aren't his family.
Nurse Oh, what are you doing?
Make them leave.
Doctor.
They're like his family.
Please let us stay a little longer.
Please, sir.
Mr. Choi.
Please come with us, sir.
Is Chief On...
here?
Where is he?
Chief On is a busy man.
His son is in a coma and unconscious.
That's none of your business.
Leave, now.
We won't.
Ha Ri.
Guys.
Let's leave.
Mr. Choi.
Let's go.
(Mad Dog: Poison)
Lee Young Ho. 40 years old.
He was born in Hyunrim-dong, Busan.
He's single.
Wait.
Hyunrim-dong, Busan?
That's Chairman Cha's hometown.
Lee Young Ho...
and Taeyang Insurance go way back.
Look at this.
It's an article from 2001.
Chosen as a Taeyang Insurance Scholar...
in 1996,
he received scholarship...
for five years.
He was 1 of 991 who passed...
the 43rd bar exam.
He's from the same hometown as Chairman Cha,
and he's a Taeyang scholar.
What's at the bottom is more interesting.
"I'm grateful to Taeyang Scholarship Committee..."
"and Chairman Cha who believed in me..."
"when I wasn't even a law school student."
So Lee Young Ho is indebted to...
Chairman Cha.
He was a UDT.
UDT stands for...
Underwater Demolition Team, isn't it?
Gosh, he was a SEAL?
That jerk stabbed Pentium.
What are his hobbies and specialties?
Nothing much.
Maybe your research skill isn't good.
Do you think I'm Cheetah?
"Do you think I'm Cheetah?"
Hey, what's that supposed to mean?
Cheetah.
You really didn't find anything?
Yes, I did.
He has a new hobby.
What is it?
Me.
Killing Jan Gebauer.
Hey, Mr. Kim.
Whatever you're thinking,
don't do it.
I wasn't thinking anything.
I better go wash up...
and get changed.
I'm going upstairs.
Hey, Kim Min Joon.
Mr. Choi.
Are you going to nag at me again?
Don't worry.
I won't do anything on my own.
You never know.
I might end up calling you Min Joon.
Min Joon!
Pentium.
No...
No. Help us. Help!
Goodness.
I'm sure I reset the password.
How did you come in?
Noo Ri hacked the passcode again yesterday.
Goodness, Pentium.
I'll teach him a lesson when he wakes up.
You should do that.
I guess you're my bodyguard today.
Sleep on the sofa. Don't think about coming in.
I slept on the sofa when I stayed in your house.
Kim Min Joon.
Why do you sound so serious again?
You need to listen to this.
Mayday, mayday.
Jeju Tower, respond.
What's wrong with this?
No!
Bum Joon.
I...
never had a drink...
with my brother before.
He asked me to drink with him so many times,
but I never said yes.
There are so many things like that.
That's how it is.
It's the same for everyone.
But I had a drink several times...
with you already.
Don't drink if you don't want to.
It's not like I don't want to.
I'm scared...
that I might cry,
remembering today later.
That's what I'm scared of.
Kim Min Joon.
Shall we do it just the two of us from now on?
And not drag in...
other people?
Shall we?
Shall we, my foot.
Cheetah.
What do you think these two are doing?
They're saying they'll go catch...
the punk who stabbed Noo Ri without us.
You disappoint me, Kang Woo.
I'm worried you might get hurt too.
Then you'll be in pain.
You better be.
Do suffer.
Do you realize that you're so cowardly now?
You'll feel at ease if we just leave.
But what about us?
What if you two get hurt?
You think we'll be fine?
Why would you unload your sense of guilt onto us?
That's so cowardly.
I'll go until the end.
If something happens to me,
please do suffer, Mr. Kim.
I don't think I'll suffer.
Then it's another reason I shouldn't be out.
What do you think, Cheetah?
Have you seen a cheetah backing away?
It goes forward no matter what.
Goodness.
You really didn't have to come...
visit me in this shabby office.
Please enjoy.
It's oolong tea.
They grow worms on tea leaves...
and make this tea with those nibbled leaves.
It's sweet like honey,
and it smells strong.
It's good for mental health too.
You look like you're enjoying yourself.
You must be feeling so refreshing.
Not much.
I feel suffocated like I ate...
about a million sweet potatoes.
You couldn't take care of the worm...
and annoyed the sleeping tiger.
Meet with Chief On.
Me?
Why?
You have nothing in your hands, Chairman Cha.
Your precious daughter gave my stuff...
to the dog.
We can simply find it back.
How?
Meet with Chief On.
Confess it's your doing.
What did I do?
Young Ho, who stabbed Chief On's eldest son,
works at JH Group.
What are you talking about?
He works here,
but he belongs to you.
Is that so?
But I didn't know about this.
How amazing.
You'll dump this on Mr. Lee Young Ho?
You trust him more than your daughter,
but you can throw him out if he goes useless.
Does he know about this?
It's not my idea.
It's his idea.
Well, well.
How impressive.
Did you put him in my company...
until now just for this purpose?
You wanted to see me in your son's ward,
and I'm not sure what I should do.
I'm truly sorry, sir.
Why would you apologize?
I know someone else was behind this.
Chairman Cha of Taeyang.
Our company's legal affairs manager,
Mr. Lee works at JH Group only on the surface.
He's been Chairman Cha's person...
since he passed the bar.
Does he think I don't know such stuff?
You're as good...
as expected.
Don't try to get wise.
Just do as I say.
We have the common purpose now.
You and I...
have the common purpose?
I'm not so attached to him,
but he's my son...
and my family.
I can't let this slide.
You knew this?
Two years ago, Chairman Joo...
collapsed in Chairman Cha's greenhouse.
He couldn't survive from it.
Chairman Joo actually had a chronic illness,
even though everyone hushed it up.
Asthma.
On that particular day,
he didn't have his inhaler.
There's that kind of a day.
A destined day...
on which he forgot to bring his inhaler...
and ended up dying.
I'm sorry for your loss.
Vice President Joo.
Thank you,
Chief On.
You're cutting off...
your favorite trees?
Others touched them.
They're not mine anymore.
I'm sorry, Dad.
Write a resignation letter and leave the company.
On Joo Sik and Joo Hyun Ki met up.
I put them up for it.
I told Hyun Ki to tell him...
that he's the one behind his son's trouble.
It's rather weird to say he spilled the truth.
They shook hands...
and left each other on a good term.
What?
Joo Hyun Ki...
isn't someone who will back down easily.
Do you want JH?
I will...
give it to you.
Hong Joo.
What are you going to do?
I'm going to take what Mr. Choi promised me.
I will get Joo Hyun Ki without causing...
any problems to Taeyang Insurance.
Hong Joo, you are full of spite.
What do you need?
Legal Affairs Manager Lee Young Ho.
I need him.
A letter of resignation?
This is all too sudden.
I'm disappointed.
I apologize, Vice President Joo.
It'll be much better for me to leave...
before I cause any further problems to JH.
Are you really considering turning yourself in?
It looks like you'll do anything...
that Chairman Cha asks you to do.
Thank you for everything, Vice President Joo.
Mr. Lee.
Don't trust...
Chairman Cha too much.
That old man doesn't have a heart.
If you start doing everything for him,
he will end up asking for your heart too.
Thank you for your wise advice.
Legal Affairs Manager Lee Young Ho...
just left JH.
Is he going to untie himself and fight us?
Then his necktie will end up around my neck.
That's not what I meant.
I'm sorry.
It's okay. It was thrilling.
Gosh, you're pretending to be so tough.
Hey.
We have a guest.
Pentium put up a security camera in the hallway.
Noo Ri, that kid.
What's all that?
Why do you all keep those in the desks?
- Gosh. - What is it?
What? Who is it?
Don't do this. I won't hurt you.
Ms. Oh. What brings you here?
Hello, Ms. Oh.
Hello.
You're more beautiful outside of work.
I do look rather elegant outside of my uniform.
Pentium's father and Joo Hyun Ki...
had a meeting in Noo Ri's hospital room?
His father came around every day,
but all of his visitors looked like...
they had nothing to do with the patient...
including that man.
So he's holding secret meetings...
in his unconscious son's hospital room?
Then there must be a high chance...
Vice President Joo might visit again.
We should do something.
Right, Ms. Oh.
Darn you.
What do you want to do?
What should we do, Mr. Choi?
What we always do.
What we always do?
- Bugging? - Bugging?
Mr. Choi, even nurses need to be cleared...
before they enter a VIP's hospital room.
Ms. Oh.
Yes, Mr. Choi.
You know, don't you? I know that...
Chief On is Noo Ri's family,
but I can't let this go on.
Please, I ask of you.
Mr. Choi.
I'm afraid we have different thoughts.
You can't call him the patient's family.
A real family wouldn't do anything like that...
next to his unconscious son.
Give me the bugging device.
Ms. Oh.
Please promise me one thing.
You will erase...
any personal medical information...
of the patient from the recording.
I must keep my work ethics as a nurse...
to protect the patient's rights.
I will do that.
You're so cool, Ms. Oh.
I know.
(Marinated crab triangular gimbap)
Do I leave this on the patient's bed?
Pentium may...
want to reach me when he wakes up.
What's this?
Oh, that?
I always stole his triangular gimbap...
and left the wrapping...
under my mattress.
Look, like this.
Why would you do that?
Right.
Pentium looked too adorable...
when he got angry.
When he sees this,
he'll know what it means.
Make sure that only the tip shows.
Okay.
(Nurse Oh Seo Ra)
- Hello. - Hello.
Hello.
(Marinated crab triangular gimbap)
Patient On Noo Ri.
You have to get up soon.
They're all waiting for you.
On Joo Sik, 54 years old.
He's the chief of Seoul Prosecutors' Office.
He was the youngest person...
to pass the bar exam when he was 20.
When he became a prosecutor,
he rose to fame when he caught...
Dongbang Gang's chief commander.
That chief commander of Dongbang Gang was...
apparently a very scary man,
but a young prosecutor came in and took him out.
Then he married the third daughter...
of KP Corporation when he turned 26.
Come to think about it,
Pentium's mother's side is KP Corporation.
Is that a big company?
Oh, boy. They have so much cash.
They can probably get over 100 of this building.
The great landlord was someone else after all.
Good for him.
He was the head of special investigation,
then he was the head of central investigation,
walking down the road of success.
Then he failed to become the superintendent,
and moved down to Busan.
Early this year, right after the election.
This means he wasn't favored...
by the new government.
Then he made a glamorous return...
as the Chief...
of Seoul Prosecutors' Office.
That means someone gave him the position.
Is it Joo Hyun Ki?
No, it has to be at least Cha Joon Kyu.
It looks like...
Pentium's father wants more power.
What?
He had another meeting yesterday.
Run for the next presidential election?
It's too early to discuss that.
It will be a while...
until this government is over.
Four years will pass by in a flash.
It's about time you made...
a strong impression on the people.
Don't you think you need to resolve...
a huge incident...
that will put your name down in history?
Do you want me to resolve a case...
to become a star?
People of this nation are uncivilized,
so they tend to vote for someone they know.
A righteous prosecutor.
A symbol of justice.
It doesn't sound so bad.
So Mr. On wants to...
become a righteous star prosecutor?
A case that can leave a strong impression.
Flight 801.
Do you remember that he said he will...
reinvestigate the case if we bring the black box?
So many people died and got hurt,
and he'll use that case to become a president?
Pentium's father will do that?
It looks like Mr. On will need the black box.
(Chief On Joo Sik)
This place looks shabby,
but they serve good food.
It's Prosecutors' Office's favorite.
Thank you for inviting me to somewhere special.
This place has just one flaw.
The food is quite expensive.
Here.
I'm not sure if this will cover it.
Will you...
re-investigate?
As a representative of the public,
it's my sworn duty to uphold the principle...
of justice and human rights, and to protect...
my neighbors and community from crime.
That's from the oath of prosecutors.
I will re-investigate...
without a doubt.
That's for sure.
Thank you,
Chief On.
Please enjoy your meal.
[VIU Ver] E12 Mad Dog "Endless Backstabbing / Poison"
-= Ruo Xi =-
He's on his way.
Thank you.
It wasn't for you.
I know.
Cheetah, where is he headed to?
I think he's headed to Hanju Hospital.
(My dear Ms. Oh)
I'm getting a call from Nurse Oh.
Yes, ma'am.
The man from the last time,
he is in the VIP room.
The man from the last time?
The man who wears his tie European style.
On Joo Sik is...
meeting Joo Hyun Ki with the original black box.
Is he trying to give the black box to Joo Hyun Ki?
Wasn't he planning on...
releasing a big case and hiring star prosecutors?
Are you...
giving this back to me?
No, I'm not.
I'm just showing you...
that I have a sword to cut your throat.
Chief On.
Take it and re-investigate.
Go ahead, and cut my throat.
You...
brought me here...
because you can't.
If you reveal the case,
it'll harm you more than it'll benefit you.
190 people were injured and dead.
It was tragic.
But so what?
Death means something...
only when it's relevant to you.
Most people aren't...
related to those 190 victims.
To them, it's just an incident...
worth a line on SNS.
So even if you re-investigate...
and solve this case,
the public won't remember you in four years,
in the next presidential election.
Well, well.
Chairman Joo...
had a great son.
My father...
passed away without realizing that.
Chief On.
I found something interesting...
as I was going through my father's belongings...
during his funeral.
December 13, 2014.
You sent a text message to my father.
Ministry of Land and Transport will pass it.
Don't worry, Chairman Joo.
I was really busy then.
The ministry was against it for months,
but it suddenly passed a new route.
So they needed a plane urgently.
A cheap aircraft that can be discarded...
after flying a short route for a short time.
If only the ministry...
didn't forcibly authorize the new route,
the plane...
wouldn't have crashed.
You sound like...
I have something to do with the accident.
Don't you?
Then you should re-investigate.
I'm starting to wonder...
who else is involved.
You're suggesting...
we all jump in the fire with an oil drum.
So...
don't put a knife to my throat.
If you tell me to "just do as I say",
I want to jump the rails.
Will you re-investigate?
Re-investigate?
I'll think about it.
All right.
On Joo Sik.
The prosecution put pressure.
The ministry gave authorization.
The insurance company connived.
The airline flew an old aircraft.
They blamed...
my brother for it.
It's a good thing...
that what On Joo Sik has...
is a copy, not the original.
Yes.
I fetched it.
Okay. I'll see you soon.
He wants it.
- Will you hand it over? - I will.
Do you believe that he'll re-investigate?
Maybe he will.
Mr. Choi.
I believe him,
but not enough to hand him the real thing.
Mr. Kim.
Can you make another one like this?
Mr. Kim?
He's not Pentium.
Pentium once said if...
a detective agency was a neighborhood soccer club,
he would be Messi.
Then I'd be Cristiano Ronaldo.
No way.
You know he bluffs.
I'm not bluffing.
Justice and human rights.
We'll have to uphold them.
How can we do that?
Shall we...
bark in front of the entire nation?
Are you saying...
you'll hold a press conference?
That's not a bad idea.
We should play this too.
Should I...
make it stand out to the reporters?
- How? - For example,
JH and Taeyang are trying to...
hush the assistant pilot's brother.
JH and Taeyang? Who?
There's a two-timer.
- Lee Young Ho. - We'll drag him out...
and get back at him for Pentium.
That's too dangerous, Mr. Choi.
Mr. Kim.
You shouldn't put yourself on the line like that.
I'd be in danger if I'm alone.
But...
I'm not alone,
am I?
Be careful.
We'll back you up.
Thank you.
Hello, Legal Affairs Manager Lee Young Ho.
Mr. Jan Gebauer?
How did you know I was here?
Well, I'm very...
interested in you.
Since you left JH,
shall I call you Attorney Lee...
instead of Legal Affairs Manager?
I know you aren't here to get my titles straight.
What are you doing?
I need to ask you some questions.
I can't stand unanswered questions.
It's really strange.
If you're a lawyer, you must've passed a bar.
You probably have a lot of money too.
But...
why would you keep murdering people?
Murdering people?
You killed Ko Jin Chul,
and you tried to kill me twice too.
Why did you do that?
By any chance,
are you a psychopath?
Mr. Gebauer.
Let's assume...
that I killed a person.
I'd be more like a sociopath...
than a psychopath.
Why? Because I go to work...
and communicate with people.
Psychopaths are unable to do such things.
Mr. Lee, you...
killed people like this because you're...
a sociopath, not psychopath.
Me? No way.
I don't kill people.
Is that right?
Then...
I won't have to worry about getting killed.
Of course.
And...
if I'm really a sociopath,
don't you think...
your behaviors are very risky?
It's reassuring.
Enjoy your meal,
Mr. Lee Young Ho.
I think he's really mad.
You never disappoint us, Mr. Kim.
He's talented in this area.
I'm sacrificing myself at the moment.
Can't you worry about me?
Ha Ri, how's he doing?
He finished his meal and is leaving the place.
Mr. Kim.
I think he took the bait.
Goodness, it's scary.
Ms. Jang, you must protect me, okay?
Only if you shut your mouth.
You're following me, right, Ms. Jang?
Don't speed up too much.
Goodness.
He's right after me.
(Ha Ri's camera)
Let's just speed up.
Slow down, Mr. Kim.
Think of teamwork, Mr. Kim.
You never know when he'll go out of his mind again.
Let's take down Mr. Lee tonight...
and hold a press conference tomorrow, okay?
Mr. Kim, that's enough.
I'll go now.
Goodness, please trust me and Ms. Jang.
We can do this on ourselves.
- Right? - Mr. Kim.
I trust Ms. Jang.
Mr. Choi, you trust...
me and Ms. Jang too, right?
I trust only Ha Ri, not you.
What are these two men doing again now?
Stop it. It's cringy.
Mr. Kim, don't overact.
Ha Ri, go right behind him.
Okay?
- Okay. - Okay.
What will you do?
Keep a distance and back them up.
Okay.
Shall we begin?
I'm throwing the bait now.
He took the bait.
(Min Joon's camera, Ha Ri's camera)
I'll be there in a second.
Slow down, Mr. Kim.
Mr. Choi, why have you gotten so chicken-hearted?
Hold on.
By any chance, is Cheetah on his way?
So you can't trust us.
It's not that.
You're worried and being considerate.
Well, if that's how you take it,
I won't mind either.
(Min Joon's camera, Ha Ri's camera)
Where are you now?
I'm walking up the remote alley,
so Mr. Lee can take the bait real good.
(Min Joon's camera, Ha Ri's camera)
What about you, Ha Ri?
I'm following Mr. Lee.
Where's he?
Mr. Kim would know...
Turn around, Mr. Kim.
What?
Ms. Jang.
- Where are you? - Ha Ri, run!
I just got off the car, Ms. Jang.
Run!
Where are you, Ms. Jang?
(Ha Ri's camera)
I'm at a dead end.
Where are you, Mr. Kim? Soon Jung!
I'm running to her!
I'm coming for you.
I'm close by.
(Ha Ri's camera)
It's okay.
I'll be the bait...
instead of Mr. Kim.
No!
Ha Ri!
(Ha Ri's camera)
You little rat.
Do you really want to die?
Yes.
Kill me.
Gosh.
Will I be...
caught red-handed then?
Is this the police?
I'm reporting an assault and attempted murder case.
Please come now.
You might know well since you're a lawyer yourself.
It's disadvantageous for you if you remain silent.
It's okay.
Goodness.
That crazy jerk.
Is he smiling at Mr. Kim?
Does he like me that much?
You must be happy to be so popular.
Ms. Jang.
I'm mad at you now.
Don't talk to me.
What?
I'm a bit mad at you too.
- What? - What if something...
Why are you all so fearless?
Mr. Choi.
I kind of agree with them.
I was crying while I was running to save you.
I was so worried something might happen to you.
Don't ever do that again.
Yes, I just arrived.
I'll go straight to the office now.
Okay, bye.
Where are you going?
I'm going for a walk.
It's not time to go for a walk.
They're waiting for us.
Tell them to wait.
Do you know how suffocating it was...
to be locked up at his house and my office?
When can I take a walk if not right now?
Ms. Jang.
Don't ever...
get yourself in danger instead of me.
I couldn't help it.
Even if you can't,
don't do it.
I finally understand Mr. Choi a little.
I see why he jumped in alone despite the danger.
He's afraid of getting left behind...
by himself.
He really hates that.
So are you telling me to stay behind?
You have Mr. Choi...
and many others around you.
You'll be fine without me.
Ms. Jang.
I'm cold.
I'm so cold.
Can I have that scarf?
What?
You have a thick jacket on.
You look like you'll be fine in a field of snow.
Give this to me.
- Why? - Give it to me.
Hey, Kim Min Joon.
Thanks.
(Hanju Hospital)
(Marinated crab triangular gimbap)
Cheetah.
("Former JH Legal Manager Assaults Pilot's Family")
Gosh, the comment section looks amazing.
"Flight 801 might not be a suicide flight."
"JH Air is hiding something."
Just as we wanted,
the seed of doubt is beginning to sprout.
Then we need to give them a hard proof...
instead of mere speculation.
We have an article, Mr. Choi.
("Co-pilot's Brother's Press Conference at 11am")
Mr. Kim.
Are you ready?
Well...
I've always been ready.
Thanks, Mr. Choi.
I don't think...
I'll ever forget this day.
Me too.
Shall we go?
- Yes. - Yes.
This way, please.
Executive Director Cha.
People are talking about how someone from JH,
the former legal manager or something,
assaulted Flight 801's co-pilot's family.
Isn't he...
one of Chairman Cha's people?
You don't have the right story, Chief On.
He's one of my people.
And the part about his assault is...
something that happened when he was getting...
stalked by a delusional man.
You were stalked by a delusional man?
At first, he asked for money saying...
his brother got in an industrial accident.
We refused to pay him the compensation.
But after I quit work,
he started calling me a murderer.
He suddenly popped up and called me a murderer.
I must have lost my control for a bit.
Do you have any proof?
It's weird no matter how much I think about it.
If you're a lawyer,
you must've passed a bar.
You probably have a lot of money too.
But why would you keep murdering people?
Murdering people?
You killed Ko Jin Chul,
and you tried to kill me twice too.
Why did you do that?
By any chance,
are you a psychopath?
His press conference will be held very soon.
I heard he will...
release the original black box.
Do you have the original black box?
I'm not like Cheetah.
What about me? What am I like?
Tell him to do that.
It's coming from a delusional guy...
who claimed a good lawyer as a murderer.
And he has caused some trouble...
here and there back in Germany.
Who would believe him?
Are you trying to get rid of his credibility...
to invalidate whatever he has?
That's not enough.
Chief On.
You pressured...
the Department of Transport...
to let JH air increase their flights.
I can erase the record for you.
If you do that,
what will you take in return?
Mr. Choi gave you the black box, right?
- Give that to me. - That's not the original.
Yes.
That's a fake black box,
which Mad Dog copied illegally.
Mr. Choi...
got himself into something very huge.
He used a delusional man as his pawn...
to hold a press conference.
Then he fabricated the proof of a tragedy...
in which over 190 people died or got hurt.
He made a fake black box...
and gave it to you, Chief On.
Do you think people will really believe that...
the one they put out now is the original?
He might be the family of the victim,
but he will be...
very hard to be forgiven.
Mr. Choi.
Stop the press conference.
Don't play the recording. Just get out of there.
He said that he wasn't nervous,
but he's all frozen up.
He's really nervous.
Mr. Choi.
This was all Director Cha's plan.
On Noo Ri.
Hello.
I'm the brother of Kim Bum Joon,
the co-pilot of Flight 801.
My name is Kim Min Joon.